hey what's going on Grand Theft Auto
fans Alex here bringing you some more
grand theft auto 5 news information and
updates now for those of you out there
who don't know uh there are three main
characters within the Grand Theft Auto 5
game those characters being michael
trevor and franklin now i know a lot of
you guys we're a little iffy on the fact
that there's going to be three main
characters but let me just break down
the detail in characters the first
character his name is michael his
occupation he's retired he's in his
early 40s uh pretty much his history
he's a successful bank robber and he
retired from his little jury duty so to
say after making a sweet deal with the
FBI um michael is currently in the
witness protection program but here's
the kicker he doesn't hate the FBI nor
the witness protection program but it's
actually his wife Amanda and his two
children Tracy and Jimmy because uh for
the simple fact that his wife and his
two kids are spending all the money that
he used to make you know robbing banks
and whatnot so he's actually quite
pissed and he's looking to get back into
the business which brings him to grand
theft auto 5 um his appearance he may be
a little older with the clean-cut
appearance in some nice clothing but
michael is a crazy motherfucker so
that's that uh Trevor Trevor's the crazy
guy who's balding with the white shirt
like the redneck sort of guy um he's a
frequent drug dealer who is governed by
his desires and prone to violence and
outburst uh he's a very destructive man
and pretty much Trevor's a loose cannon
he's a former military pilot so he is
able to give you access to planes early
in the game for what I from what you
know rockstar has been uh confirming um
pretty much he used to be in par with
Michael in terms of robbing banks or
whatnot but that's pretty much that and
finally we have Franklin he's in his mid
20s he's from South Los Santos what
appears to be a gangbanger Franklin
works in an American luxury car
dealership where he sells cars to people
who can't really afford them uh we know
one day when they default Franklin plays
the role of a grim repo man sort of say
Franklin later on down the road is going
to stumble on two trever and michael
looking for some hustle so that
just that possibly the biggest and the
best part of this entire video game is
the actual map rockstar has confirmed
that just the area of Los Santos is
bigger than red dead redemption and
Grand Theft Auto fours map combined now
red dead redemption was huge you know uh
and so was grand theft auto four but for
the simple fact to have a map that big
it's amazing in it of itself because
Rockstar did want to capture that
Hollywood feel the California feel so
they pretty much did that and there's so
much to explore so much to do um you
know to encourage players to explore
more rockstar has confirmed that they
have given more vehicles in this game
than any other grand theft auto game to
date uh some of these confirmed vehicles
or BMX bikes mountain bikes road bikes
dirt bikes um a huge variety of cars
trucks helicopters planes ATVs jet skis
and even a submarine so and for those
about them who were wondering what the
hell is a submarine for um rockstar has
confirmed that you're able to travel you
know into the vast ocean or whatever not
too far i believe it is but you know you
can go to the seabed and what other way
to do that then using a submarine it
makes a lot of sense um like I just said
trevor is a former war veteran with
flight experience and pretty much he can
just give you easy access to planes
whenever you want uh and i'm assuming
it's gonna be some badass planes too
because i can't just sit there and
imagine him giving you some crappy ass
you know twin-engine plane I I can
definitely imagine him giving you like a
jumbo plane or a stealth fighter or you
know uh you know b-52 bomber or
something like that just some crazy ass
shit you know there are a lot of things
on this game guys it's going to be
amazing and you know rock stars changed
up a lot of things especially the the
economy um the Los Santos economy you
know a rockstar has tooken a valid
criticism from Grand Theft Auto for that
there wasn't enough money to do stuff
with the end of the game you know
because once you beat the game it's
pretty much it you know so they've made
sure that once you beat the game there's
so much more for you to do also the
money that you obtain is going to mean a
lot more than what you think and what
you ax
we had to do with in the past games you
could do so much more you can buy and
sell drugs in the illegal market that
includes marijuana liquor you can
actually buy and sell illegal guns buy
and sell illegal cars customize your own
weapons now I don't know how far you can
customize your weapons to but I do know
is that you can attach you know
silencers red dots you know scopes all
that all that sort of stuff not quite
frankly like your typical call of duty
game but nevertheless customizing your
guns in Grand Theft Auto sure does mean
a lot um all three main characters
ultimately protagonists they all have
different friends so whether you decide
to become Franklin or Michael or Trevor
all three guys have different friends
that you can hang out with and dude
stuff with so it's like Rockstar said
you know players won't be spending their
time just wining and dining and you know
not doing anything in Los Santos but you
know each the protagonists have their
own cast of friends you can do stuff
with different stuff with it's not like
everybody's friend you know you do the
same stuff with you know what I mean
that's actually pretty cool there's a
lot of dynamic missions up because
rockstar is taking a lot of their ideas
and a lot of incorporations from red
dead redemption and they're adding it in
Grand Theft Auto 5 now a lot of people
loved red dead redemption i currently i
still love red dead redemption oh but
the fact that they're incorporating so
much of the dynamics so much of the
physics so much of the similarities from
red dead in this game it's just going to
be amazing um they're saying that the
story is going to be a lot longer so
that's that's a lot better because grand
theft auto four track the total force
from for me it was long but it wasn't as
long as san andreas per se because san
andreas was long as hell and i loved it
you know it took like freakin years as a
kid to beat it but nevertheless they
they're adding so much in this game that
it's definitely going to be one of the
most anticipated games of the year
considering the fact that they're going
to have the most amount of vehicles ever
in Grand Theft Auto history you're going
to have the biggest map in Grand Theft
Auto history the multiplayer rockstars
saving the multiplayer reveal for
another time they're saying that they're
very pleased with the direction that
they're heading in so I'm assuming that
they're going to take what they learn
from right there redemption and include
that in a grand theft auto 5 there are
going to be certain mo
in multiplayer they already confirmed
that like free roam mode and gang mode
gang mode being that um you can actually
become the leader of your gang and you
know you can just go about you know
trying to kill other players or whatnot
that's pretty cool you know just can you
imagine like a bunch of people forming
up a gang and just going off and doing
stuff with now here's a question that
one of the interviewers asked rock star
and the question was quote with GTA 5
you're not only allowing players to
explore Los Santos and the surrounding
wilderness they can explore the ocean
floor as well how did you approach
designing these regions what kind of
surprises can gamers be looking forward
to encountering and the response to that
was quote details and features are added
in layers and passes this helps keep a
level of balance we are always looking
for ways we can give the player a
different experience or new toy set to
use allowing the players to go
underwater is a function of that but
like i said earlier guys this game will
be fun fun fun and more fun now that's
it for today everybody I'm unmetered hey
man gaming signing off if this video was
informative if you liked the video
please give this video a like don't
forget to leave a comment the comment
section below letting me know your
thoughts and opinions if your grand
theft auto 5 fam don't forget to
subscribe to all the ladies grand theft
auto 5 news information and updates and
I'll be seeing you all later on down the
road I hope you all stay tuned for more
enjoy what you have now happy holidays
guys I'll be seeing you around peace